[DOC UPDATE] Update doc to sync with DRILL-8269 (#32)
apache/drill-site: _docs/en/performance-tuning/070-monitoring-metrics.md

       export DRILLBIT_JAVA_OPTS="$DRILLBIT_JAVA_OPTS -Ddrill.metrics.jmx.enabled=false"

## Metrics with Prefix

> After Drill 2.0.0, all metrics are grouped by 6 categories, which are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Drill 2.0.0, all metrics are grouped into the following 6 categories.
```

* drill
* jvm
* memory
* threads
* cached-threads
* class

> And those 6 categories are appended to the metrics as prefix, which make Drill easier to maintenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These categories are prepended to the Drill metric names for easier maintenance.
```

> For example, in old version, some metrics in Gauges are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the metric names
```

* count  
* direct.count  
* blocked.count  
* new.count  

> which the names are similar and hard to distinguish, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
now have the following, more easily recognised names.
```

* cached-threads.count
* jvm.direct.count
* threads.blocked.count
* threads.new.count

> after add the categorized prefix, make the metrics to be understood easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
